GDG DevFest 2016 announced! The 5th edition of the biggest conference about Google technologies in west cameroon will take on **November 12** in a city of Dschang.

That means that it is time to open [call for talk submissions](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdHK40rLKkqbScfJq2nYl_qHPggbV2MfWA7Tu7EGMgpebahww/viewform). If you are passionate about your work and want to share your experience with the biggest tech audience in Dschang, you knocked on the right door.

**Last year DevFestWest was first event of DevFest organized by five major GDG in the west cameroon**. With **75% of satisfied attendees**, we can claim that GDG DevFest West 2015 was a success.

To keep up this year, we decided to focus on the content. **We’re looking for speakers like you**, who are ready to rock the stage and deliver the best talk or workshop in the field.
<div class="text-center">
<a href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdHK40rLKkqbScfJq2nYl_qHPggbV2MfWA7Tu7EGMgpebahww/viewform" target="_blank" class="style-scope header-content" style="color: white; ">
  <paper-button class="primary style-scope header-content x-scope paper-button-0" raised="" role="button" tabindex="0" animated="" aria-disabled="false" elevation="1">Submit a proposal</paper-button>
</a>
</div>

<br/>

### Why is it cool to be a speaker?

Well, do you know a better way to attend the conference? Here are our top 3 reasons to [submit a proposal](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdHK40rLKkqbScfJq2nYl_qHPggbV2MfWA7Tu7EGMgpebahww/viewform).

1. **It is good for your career.** By being a speaker, you are proving your level of expertise to a potential business partners or employers.
2. **It is good for the company you’re working for.** Any presentation delivered by an employee adds credibility to a company’s public image.
3. **Unique networking.** Being a speaker means you’ll have unique chance to network with other speakers - the best experts in the industry.

### Themes and topics – what do we expect?

Our team prepared set of interesting topics in but if you have any cool idea you want to share not from this list, feel free to submit it as well.

#### Android
* New features in N (multi-window, notifications, Java 8)
* Kotlin
* RxJava
* Data Binding
* Testing and Architecture best practices (MVP, MVVP, Clean Architecture)

#### Web
* Progressive Web Apps
* Polymer
* Service Workers
* Physical Web
* RAIL

#### Cloud
* Machine Learning (TensorFlow, Vision API, Speech API, etc.)
* Big Data (PubSub, BigQuery, Dataflow)
* Firebase
* Kubernetes

<br/>

**Call for Papers will stay open until November 16, 2016.** Don’t miss out :)

<div class="text-center">
<a href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdHK40rLKkqbScfJq2nYl_qHPggbV2MfWA7Tu7EGMgpebahww/viewform" target="_blank" class="style-scope header-content" style="color: white; ">
  <paper-button class="primary style-scope header-content x-scope paper-button-0" raised="" role="button" tabindex="0" animated="" aria-disabled="false" elevation="1">Submit a proposal</paper-button>
</a>
</div>
<br/>

**Please note:** There is no guarantee that a submission will be put onto the conference agenda! The program committee picks the most interesting talk proposals and informs the selected submitters until November 19, 2016.

Any questions? Email organizers at [gdgdschang@gmail.com](mailto:gdgdschang@gmail.com)



